spring	3	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .
home	0	home is where the heart is
fish	3	in Japan most fish is eaten raw
year	2	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
air	6	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
way	7	he said he was looking for the way out
whole	4	Europe considered as a whole
move	1	his move put him directly in my path
par	7	He needs to make this shot for par .
side	5	he was on the heavy side
master	1	a master of the violin
eye	5	he has an artist 's eye
civilization	7	A hermit does n't much care for civilization .
word	4	Can I have a word with you ?
life	3	while there 's life there 's hope
noise	9	during the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels
collector	8	That old piano is just a big dust collector .
size	11	I do n't think we have the red one in your size .
remission	4	Her cancer was in remission .
miasma	1	a miasma of cigar smoke
loaf	1	sugar loaf
impact	8	Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .
flight	6	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .
command	5	General Smith was placed in command .
trial	9	he called each flip of the coin a new trial
development	4	they funded research and development
drop	1	a drop of each sample was analyzed
bankruptcy	1	moral bankruptcy
origin	0	origin in sensation
period	2	hastened the period of time of his recovery
bevy	5	he was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire
image	1	the image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non - negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
chair	21	All I need to weather a snowstorm is hot coffee , a warm fire , a good book and a comfortable chair .
nationality	6	such images define their sense of nationality
head	1	the head of the column advanced boldly
fill	4	she had heard her fill of gossip
tea	0	tea has fragrant white flowers
head	3	They shot 20 head of quail
home	5	deliver the package to my home
school	1	a school of small glittering fish swam by
picture	4	he described his mental picture of his assailant
leak	6	he had to clean up the leak
concern	4	a racially integrated business concern
sampler	1	a sampler of French poets
arousal	3	The mechanism for arousal from sleep
sum	2	A tidy sum
seat	11	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .
time	7	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
drag	7	he went to the party dressed in drag
volume	7	the gas expanded to twice its original volume
light	8	I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .
acquisition	1	the acquisition of wealth
reaction	8	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
pool	5	the body lay in a pool of blood
limitation	16	The lawyer obtained impunity by dragging his obviously guilty client 's case beyond the 10 years limitation
emission	1	The emission of light from the sun
ulteriority	4	a terrible feeling of ulteriority
moon	5	men first stepped on the moon in 1969
material	3	he was university material
hegemony	7	the consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system
operation	8	they paid taxes on every stage of the operation
place	8	Do you want to come over to my place later ?
process	1	the process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls
feeder	2	a bark feeder
fish	7	they have a chef who specializes in fish
face	4	They climbed the north face of the mountain .
development	8	in chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen
saving	8	The shift of the supplier gave us a saving of 10 percent .
run	4	Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .
last	3	he was the last to leave
label	6	We laughed at her because the label was still on her new sweater .
society	9	It was then that they decided to found a society of didgeridoo - playing unicyclists .
key	1	The key to winning a game
difference	5	his support made a real difference
action	6	the piano had a very stiff action
clearance	4	the plane was given clearance to land
set	2	the smart set goes there
withholding	3	I resented his withholding permission
shoestring	5	he managed it on a shoestring
dozen	3	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .
third	2	a distant third
flight	4	I took the noon flight to Chicago
light	1	the light of my life
back	6	he wrote the date on the back of the photograph
foot	1	the foot of the page
time	3	See you another time ; that 's three times he 's made the same mistake
book	4	Genesis is the first book of the Bible .
marriage	4	a long and happy marriage
cold	6	Come in , out of the cold .
head	1	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves
wound	8	he feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound
credit	3	he was given credit for his work
block	4	he held a large block of the company 's stock
ambition	1	his ambition is to own his own business
charge	4	There will be a charge of five dollars .
air	7	The flock of birds took to the air .
patter	1	the patter of mice
line	1	the line stretched clear around the corner
locus	4	A circle is the locus of points from which the distance to the center is a given value , the radius .
foulness	4	mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed
line	5	Please speak up , the line is very faint .
term	1	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt
vault	7	Family members had been buried in the vault for centuries .
air	6	he threw the ball into the air
population	4	the African - American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing
time	3	he had a time holding back the tears
grace	4	there but for the grace of God go I
crack	4	Open the door a crack .
truth	1	the truth is that he did n't want to do it
fish	5	the shark is a large fish
language	1	the language introduced is standard throughout the text
funny	3	she made a funny
use	1	The use of torture has been condemned by the United Nations ; there is no use for your invention
rotation	9	the manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation
inventory	3	they held an inventory every month
body	3	they found the body in the lake
transcript	4	you can obtain a transcript of this radio program by sending a self - addressed envelope to the station
scale	7	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .
shade	8	his brother 's success left him in the shade
end	2	At the end of the road , turn left .  At the end of the story , the main characters fall in love .
congregation	1	a congregation of children pleaded for his autograph
lunchtime	3	It 's almost lunchtime , so I think I 'll finish up later this afternoon .
foot	1	the foot of the list
coverage	11	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .
furniture	9	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
touch	10	With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .
wildness	7	Liza had always had a tendency to wildness
role	1	The role of women has changed significantly in the last century .
apology	5	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .
origin	1	mineral origin
song	6	a bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age
grain	5	he does not have a grain of sense
basket	6	The point guard drove toward the basket .
session	6	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "
product	3	skill is the product of hours of practice
finish	5	the boat had a metallic finish
smile	4	He always puts a smile on my face .
lead	9	we were just waiting for someone to take the lead
coverage	13	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .
fatigue	1	political fatigue
baby	1	the baby of the family
one	6	" driver " , noun : one who drives .
variant	7	The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .
point	4	life has lost its point
double	5	he could be Gingrich 's double
credit	3	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .
humor	5	she did n't appreciate my humor
thought	2	19th century thought
fabric	1	The fabric of our lives
wall	2	the south wall had a small window
war	2	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
business	0	business is good today
flash	1	a flash sewn on his sleeve indicated the unit he belonged to
stuff	5	the trunk was full of stuff
taproot	1	the taproot of his resentment
sex	2	they had sex in the back seat
scene	5	The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .
slip	8	She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .
syrup	1	Pancake syrup
business	6	computers are now widely used in business
rest	8	a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon
containment	1	the containment of the rebellion
term	5	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
memorability	1	true memorability of phrase
end	4	they rode to the end of the line
significance	1	The significance of a gesture
luck	4	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .
sex	2	We had sex in the back seat .
operation	2	a multinational operation
breath	4	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
line	9	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
survey	4	" Under his proud survey the city lies . " -Sir John Denham .
scene	3	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .
stuff	4	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
enemy	1	the enemy attacked at dawn
curmudgeon	4	There 's a cranky curmudgeon working at the hospital who gives all the patients and other doctors flak .
gob	6	Oi , you , shut your gob !
institution	1	the institution of slavery
air	7	open a window and let in some air
skinful	12	someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful
line	2	A shared line
tea	8	the store shelves held many different kinds of tea
space	1	the space between his teeth
history	7	a critical time in the school 's history
quarter	3	it 's a quarter til 4
deep	2	in the deep of winter
anchorage	4	the mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family
game	7	he thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time
texture	6	fish with a delicate flavor and texture
shot	2	a good shot requires good balance and tempo
third	3	Jones came in third .
body	8	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .
clearance	2	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists
business	2	We do business all over the world .
people	2	are your people still alive ?
personification	5	The Grim Reaper is a personification of death .
shame	13	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .
voice	1	the voice of the law
licking	5	Our football team took a licking last night .
top	6	he stared as she buttoned her top
check	5	the pilot ran through the check - out procedure
mouth	3	" Open your mouth and say ' aah ' , " directed the doctor .
drink	5	I asked for a hot drink
model	4	he is the very model of a modern major general
rest	10	The sun sets , and the workers go to their rest .
shade	6	it is much cooler in the shade
notice	6	you did n't give me enough notice
bum	4	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .
wall	1	a wall of water
scale	1	the scale of the map
date	1	The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .
time	1	this time he succeeded
finish	2	when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly
reenactment	1	the reenactment of the battle of Princeton
business	7	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
masquerade	5	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .
furniture	3	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .
circulation	1	ocean circulation is an important part of global climate
night	3	From noon till night
face	3	he washed his face
coverage	11	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?
carnival	15	We all got to ride the merry - go - round when the brought their carnival to town .
escape	3	he made his escape from the mental hospital
time	7	he was a great actor in his time
block	7	Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .
product	1	the product of 2 and 3 is 6
application	1	the application of maximum thrust
catch	2	he played catch with his son in the backyard
sale	3	laws limit the sale of handguns
liver	20	You could fry up some chicken livers for a tasty treat . — Nah , I do n't like chicken liver .
range	7	the plains lay just beyond the mountain range
fanny	10	Her dress was so short you could nearly see her fanny
extension	7	A text file will have a file extension of .txt .
official	5	the golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling
krona	9	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona
connection	1	the connection between church and state is inescapable
enthalpy	0	enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work
life	2	Get a life .
nick	4	he 's in the nick
masquerade	3	a beggar 's masquerade of wealth
component	4	A CPU is a component of a computer .
crunch	2	a financial crunch
universe	6	they study the evolution of the universe
play	5	the ball was still in play
leave	4	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
wave	1	a wave of conservatism in the country led by the hard right
train	10	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .
room	2	the whole room was cheering
year	2	in the year 1920
fix	4	he got a good fix on the target
streak	5	I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .
sense	1	a sense of security
gravitation	0	gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein
costume	6	he won the prize for best costume
scale	1	the scale of the model
time	4	I did n't have time to finish
finish	3	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
term	7	he left school before the end of term
sense	1	Common sense is not so common
room	6	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .
light	3	can you shed light on this problem ?
ball	1	the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve
boy	4	the baby was a boy
practice	0	practice makes perfect
floor	1	the floor of the pelvis
operation	15	It is dangerous to look at the beam of a laser while it is in operation .
circus	8	he ran away from home to join the circus
text	5	they handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech
rest	4	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
reading	1	A reading of the current situation .
hearing	1	My hearing is n't what it used to be , but I still heard that noise .
drop	4	there is not a drop of pity in that man
finish	7	he applied a coat of a clear finish
production	13	They improve their product every year ; they export most of their agricultural production .
sign	4	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .
hall	8	the elevators were at the end of the hall
window	1	Launch window ; window of opportunity
forefront	8	the idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy
claim	1	his claim that he was innocent
cycle	1	The cycle of the seasons , or of the year
hour	7	the job will take more than an hour
field	8	A crop circle was made in a corn field .
line	1	the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed
lead	5	they did n't follow our lead
lady	11	a chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady
post	2	Sent via post ; parcel post
contraction	6	` wo n't ' is a contraction of ` will not '
bid	1	His bid was $ 35,000 .
coverage	3	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent
leave	3	she was granted leave to speak
cold	5	come in out of the cold
copy	3	she made a copy of the designer dress
dwelling	2	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson
bankruptcy	1	intellectual bankruptcy
quarrel	5	We got into a silly quarrel about what food to order .
sack	8	The boss is gon na give her the sack today .
key	1	the key to development is economic integration
chain	1	A chain of mountains
side	5	it brought out his better side
narrowness	8	the attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus
part	2	the rear part of the house
sign	6	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .
improbability	6	impossibility should never be confused with improbability
work	7	a lot of people are out of work
unit	6	the dollar is the United States unit of currency
field	5	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .
range	7	he dreamed of a home on the range
diversification	5	he limited his losses by diversification of his product line
right	4	he writes with his right hand but pitches with his left
rest	5	The ocean was finally at rest .
furniture	6	there was only one piece of furniture in the room
child	9	Go easy on him : he is but a child .
rotation	1	crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil
shade	6	after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted
attack	3	his plan of attack was misguided
air	6	a smell of chemicals in the air
thing	1	this thing has got to end
expression	17	The best poker players can tell if the opponents have a good hand by looking at their expression .
trial	1	a trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain
deal	5	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .
acknowledgment	4	the preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her
chain	6	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
way	2	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .
question	1	the question of disease merits serious discussion
gob	5	She 's got such a gob on her – she′s always gossiping about someone or other .
throw	8	Football tickets are expensive at fifty bucks a throw .
rain	7	We 've been having a lot of rain lately .
interception	4	he resorted to the interception of his daughter 's letters
price	1	the price of success is hard work
authority	2	Respect my authority !
litany	4	the patient recited a litany of complaints
movement	7	he was a charter member of the movement
helm	1	The helm of the Commonwealth
noise	21	whatever it was he did n't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could
stabilization	0	stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions
range	7	any good golf club will have a range where you can practice
leave	3	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
rub	6	he gave the hood a quick rub
summit	10	In summer , it is possible to hike to the summit of Mt. Shasta .
bed	8	There 's a lot of trash on the bed of the river .
nonprofit	7	If it was n't subsidized , the nonprofit would be bankrupt .
flap	1	The flap of a sail ; the flap of a wing
quality	11	This school is well - known for having teachers of high quality .
grace	8	Justification is an act of God 's free grace wherein he pardoneth all our sins . ( the Westminster shorter catechism of 1647 , question 33http://books.google.com / books?id=7gMNAAAAIAAJ&pg = PA683&dq=%22Free+Grace%22&hl = en&ei =- pv_TLz3Hsrf4ga0-ISdCA&sa = X&oi = book_result&ct = result&resnum=1&ved=0CCgQ6AEwAA#v = onepage&q=%22Free%20Grace%22&f = false )
line	2	A dedicated line
run	2	his daily run keeps him fit
pull	5	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .
wreck	8	thanks to that quack I am a human wreck
head	1	the head of the page
body	1	a body of doctrine
foot	4	curled up on the foot of the bed
wealth	3	She brings a wealth of knowledge to the project .
feel	3	he has a feel for animals " or " it 's easy when you get the feel of it
head	1	the head of the stairs
sign	4	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
stress	11	he presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger"- R.J.Samuelson
form	4	the team was off form last night
sport	2	a good sport
grip	11	it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip
sex	10	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex
love	5	he has a very complicated love life
school	2	stay after school
trump	1	a trump can take a trick even when a card of a different suit is led
lot	2	A building lot in a city
unit	1	a unit of wheat is a bushel
impact	5	the book had an important impact on my thinking
scrap	4	there was not a scrap left
optimization	2	in an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized
fabric	5	it is part of the fabric of society
patch	6	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .
safety	2	insure the safety of the children
fire	0	fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries
difference	1	the difference in her is amazing
authority	4	The world 's foremost authority on orangutans
disk	3	the moon 's disk hung in a cloudless sky
right	3	You have no right to go through my personal diary .
look	6	he went out to have a look
look	5	I do n't like the look of the new design .
roof	4	I could see the roof of the bear 's mouth
post	3	is there any post for me ?
place	1	a place in my heart
demand	3	there is a demand for jobs
air	0	air pollution
now	6	There is no better time than now .
hand	2	a ranch hand
day	7	he was a successful pianist in his day
sense	1	a sense of danger
due	3	Give him his due — he is a good actor .
sentence	5	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .  He is not living at home because he is doing time .
appearance	4	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
edge	1	the edge of the leaf is wavy
wallah	2	the book wallah
peeler	4	she invented a potato peeler
spring	8	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
book	5	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .
mother	1	the mother of three children
boss	4	He is the Republican boss in Kentucky .
bum	4	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo - yo .
time	4	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
cast	5	Her features had a delicate cast to them .
process	16	This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .
practice	3	it is their practice to give annual raises
loss	6	The match ended in their first loss of the season .
voice	1	the voice of experience
mine	5	This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .
mouth	4	he rode into the mouth of the canyon
station	6	he started looking for a gas station
opener	3	the season 's opener was a game against the Yankees
end	1	the end of the pier
scale	5	they entertained on a grand scale
folk	4	they 're just country folk
appearance	5	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America
edge	3	the water 's edge
spring	6	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
visibility	1	The visibility from that angle was good .
check	6	he paid all his bills by check
hyponym	3	Dog is a hyponym of animal .
face	1	the face of the city is changing
overkill	11	24 hours of TV coverage of the US election verged on overkill .
pursuit	1	Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .
tautology	15	Given a Boolean A , " A OR ( NOT A ) " is a tautology .
meeting	6	They came together in a chance meeting on the way home from work .
leak	1	A leak in a gas pipe
side	6	he had a pain in his side
load	7	The truck overturned while carrying a full load of oil .
song	1	the song of the wind
unit	2	change per unit volume
head	10	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .
life	6	he lived a long and happy life
water	7	the town debated the purification of the water supply
world	2	all the world loves a lover
reticulation	1	the reticulation of a leaf
pull	1	the pull of the moon
presence	6	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
hurl	1	A hurl of abuse .
top	3	he removed the top of the carton
head	6	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
sense	1	a sense of self
market	13	before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it
snorter	6	The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?
score	2	the winning score came with less than a minute left to play
silence	4	there was a shocked silence
way	3	that 's the way it is
concern	6	Mark 's health was of great concern to Connie .  The recent events in London are of no concern to most people in Australia .
one	3	this is the one I ordered
chain	1	the chain of command
rate	5	he works at a great rate
neighbour	1	My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .
voice	3	the wee small voice of conscience
doctrine	5	The incarnation is a basic doctrine of classical Christianity .
business	5	he bought his brother 's business
truth	4	the lawyer questioned the truth of my account
stretch	3	he did a stretch in the federal penitentiary
area	3	it was his area of specialization
condition	4	Hypnosis is a peculiar condition of the nervous system .  Steps were taken to ameliorate the condition of slavery .  Security is defined as the condition of not being threatened .  Aging is a condition over which we are powerless .
statement	4	a Cadillac makes a statement about who you are
position	1	what position does he play ?
war	1	a war of wits
order	5	I gave the waiter my order
inactivation	2	the gene inactivation system
trade	4	I had no further trade with him
side	9	he turned the box over to examine the bottom side
capital	10	The Welsh government claims that Cardiff is Europe 's youngest capital .
membership	3	they polled their membership
face	6	He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .
travel	1	Space travel
house	3	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .
set	3	the subjects ' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution
ball	6	the mayor threw out the first ball
feeling	5	The house gave me a feeling of dread .
year	2	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
vehicle	4	a congregation is a vehicle of group identity
face	4	dew dripped from the face of the leaf
note	3	he detected a note of sarcasm
loss	2	a serious loss of business
time	6	it took more than half my time
figure	2	a heroic figure
part	1	The part of his hair was slightly to the left .
didacticism	1	the didacticism expected in books for the young
quality	1	the quality of students has risen
area	8	The photo is a little dark in that area .
apparition	1	The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .
gold	5	she has a heart of gold
portfolio	10	they were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio
action	2	recent federal action undermined the segregationist position
head	3	he stuck his head out the window
pain	5	that kid is a terrible pain
breath	4	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
touch	2	the cooling touch of the night air
dozen	4	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?
blowout	5	as a result of the blowout we lost all the lights
room	3	hardly enough elbow room to turn around
smile	3	She had a smile on her face .
absence	5	he was surprised by the absence of any explanation
furniture	2	How much furniture did they leave behind ?
hardship	6	I can not think it a hardship that more indulgence is allowed to men than to women"- James Boswell
emulsion	3	Mayonnaise is an emulsion where egg is used to keep oil and water mixed .
school	5	Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .
bed	4	the gardener planted a bed of roses
grace	2	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners
object	1	the object of my affection
footage	3	they had stock footage of lightning , tornados , and hurricanes
floor	7	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
form	9	To apply for the position , complete the application form .
plan	7	they drew up a six - step plan
experience	3	he recalled the experience vividly
stuff	16	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .
culture	16	the reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture
rap	4	it was a bum rap
law	1	By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .
head	1	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
conflict	1	his conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post
fire	4	barbecue over an open fire
danger	4	you are in no danger
inventory	10	they stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory
language	4	he recorded the spoken language of the streets
enormity	5	in careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size
shortness	1	The shortness of a stubby pencil
love	5	So that 's fifteen - love to Kournikova .
block	1	A block of stone .
series	6	his coin collection included the complete series of Indian - head pennies
grain	4	sand of a fine grain
assumption	1	Their assumption of his guilt disqualified them from jury duty .
time	2	it is time to go
run	4	He can have the run of the house .
apology	5	he wrote a letter of apology to the hostess
hum	1	the hum of distant traffic
place	5	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
convention	1	political convention
worry	5	it is not work but worry that kills
range	6	We hiked through the Andes mountain range .
dick	6	Sorry , girls , I suck dick .
foulness	3	his display of foulness deserved severe punishment
party	5	We 're expecting a large party from the London office .
floor	2	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
persuasion	5	I am not of your persuasion
appointment	1	the appointment had to be approved by the whole committee
term	2	a prison term
baseball	2	he played baseball in high school
neighborhood	1	my neighborhood voted for Bush
poison	1	the poison of fascism
quality	13	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .
optimization	2	the simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability
date	1	US date : 05/24/08 = Tuesday , May 24th , 2008 . UK date : 24/05/08 = Tuesday 24th May 2008 .
exercise	4	the doctor recommended regular exercise
rock	3	he threw a rock at me
session	2	a filming session
echo	4	Napoleon III was an echo of the mighty Emperor but an infinitely better man
stuff	5	you do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine
foot	3	he followed on foot
head	6	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
rotation	8	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
bankruptcy	1	spiritual bankruptcy
indication	1	an indication of foul play
vicinity	6	There is a hurricane in the vicinity of the Bahamas .
staple	5	Tow is flax with short staple .
sale	4	He celebrated after the sale of company .
resistance	4	the enemy offered little resistance
war	2	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
stomach	5	exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner
patch	3	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
note	5	it ended on a sour note
school	2	the whole school turned out for the game
wilderness	10	the duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups
sale	5	They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .
weakness	1	the weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed
smoke	5	his dreams all turned to smoke
copy	4	the clone was a copy of its ancestor
luck	1	bad luck caused his downfall
stay	4	they had a nice stay in Paris
principle	2	Bernoulli 's principle ;  The http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pauli_exclusion_principle Pauli Exclusion Principle prevents two fermions from occupying the same state .  The principle of the internal combustion engine
grain	1	A grain of sand
likelihood	2	In all likelihood the meeting will be cancelled .
life	4	He gave up on life .
play	6	We saw a two - act play in the theatre .
border	2	A solid border around a table of figures
practice	1	the practice of the law
dingbat	4	you would be a dingbat even to try it
fool	2	The village fool threw his own shoes down the well .
procession	1	A procession of mourners ; the Lord Mayor 's procession
treatment	1	A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .
size	5	the only city of any size in that area
now	5	it worked up to right now
art	3	How great thou art !
return	5	they set out on their return to the base camp
narrowness	3	frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons
demobilization	0	demobilization of factories
krona	4	Piecas kronas — five krona
action	11	the United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues
lumberyard	6	I 'll just go to the lumberyard and buy some more two by fours so we can finish building this .
sense	3	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
smile	4	He has a sinister smile .
state	4	in a weak financial state
voice	5	the Times is not the voice of New York
education	8	A good teacher is essential for a good education .
drink	5	Can I buy you a drink ?
shoulder	6	the car pulled off onto the shoulder
order	2	law and order
face	4	She has a pretty face .
ulteriority	6	his stories were too susceptible to ulteriority
lightning	5	That tree was hit by lightning .
mire	3	caught in the mire of poverty
day	4	it should arrive any day now
stabilization	4	he worked for price stabilization for farm products
reaction	9	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?
neap	2	.. and neap tides ( tides that occur during the first and third quarters of the moon and that have the least difference between high and low tides ) , ... — Richard M. Schlenker and Sarah J. Yoshida , " Developing Science Activities " , Science Activities , Vol . 32 Issue 2 , p34 , 7p , 3 charts , Summer , 1995
move	5	They were pleased about their move to the country .
case	7	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .
end	5	he came to a bad end
room	0	room to pass
chain	5	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
refill	3	he got a refill of his prescription
life	1	city life
reaction	12	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .
appearance	4	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .
life	1	social life
experience	4	he had a religious experience
buildup	4	I envied his rapid buildup of assets
sum	4	he borrowed a large sum
application	2	The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .
beer	2	I love beer but I know it is bad for you .
ring	2	the distinctive ring of the church bell
day	4	it was a busy day on the stock exchange
ground	6	they fought to regain the lost ground
connection	4	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
ringing	1	the ringing of the telephone
complexion	3	he altered the complexion of his times
dresser	4	he 's a meticulous dresser
grocery	1	the grocery store included a meat market
notice	1	a notice of sale
wound	20	The right reader of a good poem can tell the moment it strikes him that he has taken an immortal wound -- that he will never get over it "-- Robert Frost
spanking	6	he gave the brat a good spanking
surface	5	earthquakes originate far below the surface
appointment	3	They made an appointment to meet at six .
employ	4	he was in the employ of the city
monopoly	4	when you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like
institution	4	he had become an institution in the theater
power	2	the deterrent power of nuclear weapons
area	7	it was about 500 square feet in area
death	1	The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .
set	1	a set of golf clubs
scale	6	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
light	7	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
present	5	that is enough for the present
authority	3	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
audience	4	every artist needs an audience
unemployment	3	the rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy
entreaty	1	an entreaty to stop the fighting
formation	1	the formation of crystals
sense	1	a sense of happiness
period	2	a time period of 30 years
dialect	5	the immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English
property	5	Charm is his most endearing property .
sale	8	I got some great bargains at their annual sale
one	3	he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it
mail	6	he works for the United States mail service
day	4	she called it a day and went to bed
quality	14	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
sequence	7	he invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA
mine	6	He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .
commission	5	the motor was out of commission
component	1	a component or constituent element of a system
body	6	he felt as if his whole body were on fire
call	4	he placed a phone call to London
luck	5	I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .
priority	8	He set his e - mail message 's priority to high .
shot	6	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin
wound	7	deep in her breast lives the silent wound
drink	4	he jumped into the drink and had to be rescued
trombone	1	This trombone is very expensive .
tautology	1	A tautology can be verified by constructing a truth tree for its negation : if all of the leaf nodes of such truth tree end in X 's , then the original ( pre - negated ) formula is a tautology .
support	6	the president no longer has the support of his own party
commercialization	6	the government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development
place	3	he overstepped his place
run	7	the assembly line was on a 12-hour run
leak	1	A leak in a roof
effect	6	The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .
space	3	the architect left space in front of the building
block	9	The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .
cot	2	A roller cot ( the clothing of a drawing roller in a spinning frame )
drain	1	a drain on resources
business	7	a small mom - and - pop business
iota	5	As a Greek numeral , iota represents ten .
day	2	in the day of the dinosaurs
direction	3	he checked the direction and velocity of the wind
church	6	This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .
passer	13	England coach Sven Göran Eriksson hailed midfielder David Beckham as possibly the best passer in the world . - http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/world_cup_2002/1354920.stm BBC Sport - Eriksson salutes Beckham brilliance
machinery	1	the machinery of command labored and brought forth an order
drop	3	there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery
firewood	6	they collected and cut their own firewood
bum	9	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
side	1	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?
hyponym	4	" A is a hyponym of B " means that " A is a type of B. "
bum	2	a lazy bum
dozen	7	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .
life	0	life depends on many chemical and physical processes
check	2	Place a check by the things you have done .
tone	5	he spoke in a nervous tone of voice
language	3	he uttered harsh language
art	1	the art of conversation
title	12	he looked for books with the word ` jazz ' in the title
point	4	To fall off a point
woodenness	4	there was a certain woodenness in his replies
reproduction	1	Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited .
language	3	The gift of language
product	3	they improve their product every year
forefront	6	the Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England
nick	9	He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .
ball	1	a ball of fire
estate	5	the family owned a large estate on Long Island
cup	3	he drank a cup of coffee
stretch	2	by no stretch of the imagination
top	4	put your books on top of the desk
field	3	he planted a field of wheat
court	7	The noblemen visited the queen in her court .
force	2	may the force be with you
call	12	he heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call
liking	5	I 've always had a liking for reading
ease	6	He passed all the exams with ease .
past	13	A book about a time machine that can transport people back into the past
stretch	10	To say crossing the street was brave was quite a stretch .
boy	3	she made the boy brush his teeth every night
head	9	I could n't get his words out of my head
stone	2	A peach stone
speck	5	the plane was just a speck in the sky
time	1	the time is 10 o'clock
youth	6	I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .
ear	2	a good ear for pitch
tea	11	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?
number	1	the number of parameters is small
difference	8	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
baby	6	The annual report has been my baby since September .
move	1	The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .
war	1	the war against crime
ghetto	4	no escape from the ghetto of the typing pool
cold	1	the cold helped clear his head
spot	2	a bald spot
length	1	a length of tubing
fair	1	book fair
stage	5	The band returned to the stage to play an encore .
business	4	show me where the business was today
reason	7	If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .
patch	6	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .
nomination	1	his nomination was hotly protested
twinkle	9	He was a rotund , jolly man with a twinkle in his eye .
sake	2	for your sake
cold	0	cold is a vasoconstrictor
right	4	he stood on the right
feeling	5	the surface had a greasy feeling
grade	0	grade A milk
blip	7	renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales
line	2	toe the line
session	2	a gossip session
time	4	We had a wonderful time at the party .
rhythm	7	We walked with a quick , even rhythm .
profile	2	a biochemical profile of blood
dresser	4	she 's an elegant dresser
change	1	the change was intended to increase sales
practice	4	It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .
piece	4	she bought a lovely piece of china
company	5	the house was filled with company when I arrived
production	1	the production of white blood cells
shame	6	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .
land	5	They come from a faraway land .
question	1	The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .
scrambler	5	their quarterback was a good scrambler
pull	5	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet
order	6	the machine is now in working order
nose	7	my horse lost the race by a nose
distance	2	at a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details
luck	2	they say luck is a lady
thing	3	she has a thing about him
canvas	5	the movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound
ministry	2	The present ministry of the Holy Spirit
front	9	the Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front
stop	9	They agreed to see each other at the bus stop .
tab	4	the collar has a tab with a button hole
behalf	4	campaigning in his own behalf
unit	4	The centimetre is a unit of length .
plane	7	any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane
while	6	he was here for a little while
interest	2	in the interest of safety
head	5	his horse won by a head
black	2	in the black of night
tape	5	he used a piece of tape for a belt
word	3	he gave his word
unit	6	the word is a basic linguistic unit
drop	3	he had a drop too much to drink
strength	6	they measured the station 's signal strength
sale	9	the new line of cars will soon be on sale
face	7	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
impact	6	His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .
stabilization	1	wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace
development	2	the slow development of her skill as a writer
home	5	there 's no place like home
deal	6	I did n't have a good deal all evening .
cut	4	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .
meaning	1	The meaning of life
smile	5	She 's got a perfect smile .
baby	3	When is your baby due ?
dibs	3	Who 's got dibs on the chips ?
texture	5	the wall had a smooth texture
day	2	after that day she never trusted him again
pass	2	A mountain pass
deal	4	it was a package deal
mortality	3	Under - five mortality rate is the probability per 1,000 that a newborn baby will die before reaching age five , if subject to current age - specific mortality rates .
patch	1	a patch of clouds
volume	4	Please turn down the volume on the stereo .
tea	4	Would you like some tea ?
change	5	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
gratification	3	to my immense gratification he arrived on time
party	2	The green party took 12 % of the vote .
back	5	Could you please scratch my back ?
swimsuit	3	Put on your swimsuit and let 's go for a swim .
rubric	6	* That would fall under the rubric of things we can ignore for now .
recognition	1	the recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States
monopoly	3	They have no monopoly on intelligence
butt	2	Get your butt to the car .
side	4	he never left my side
unit	8	He was a member of a special police unit .
wash	7	I 'm going to have a quick wash before coming to bed .
fair	1	world fair
proficiency	7	To attain ( or to reach ) proficiency
brush	3	I had a brush with danger on my way to work
example	3	there is an example on page 10
job	1	the job of repairing the engine took several hours
air	1	an air of mystery
size	8	she hates me , that 's about the size of it
world	2	the outdoor world
space	8	they tested his ability to locate objects in space
buff	3	swimming in the buff
round	4	he ordered a second round
dwelling	6	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .
dogma	5	he believed all the Marxist dogma
wall	1	a wall of prejudice
position	8	Chief of Staff is the second - highest position in the army .
plundering	1	his plundering of the great authors
head	1	200 head of cattle
line	12	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .
tact	2	I used tact when I told my fat uncle that his extra weight made him look better .
degree	6	A right angle is a ninety degree angle .
cup	6	put the flag back in the cup
leak	1	A leak in a boat
line	4	the cast stood in line for the curtain call
collision	6	three passengers were killed in the collision
confluence	5	Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers
start	4	he awoke with a start
opening	4	there was a small opening between the trees
theater	6	His grandfather was in the Pacific theater during the war .
break	7	Let 's take a five - minute break .
krona	1	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )
grip	1	The grip of a sword
taste	5	the melon had a delicious taste
microprocessor	5	a disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive
today	3	did you see today 's newspaper ?
fix	5	he got into a terrible fix
job	8	estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
trend	1	the trend of the stock market
point	3	he broke the point of his pencil
mercury	1	the mercury was falling rapidly
weakness	8	In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .
constriction	3	emotion caused a constriction of his throat
house	9	she felt she had to get out of the house
birth	4	they divorced after the birth of the child
adultery	0	adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce
communication	4	how many lines of communication can there be among four people ?
majority	8	Those opposing the building plans were in the majority , so the building project was canceled .
line	1	in line with
hand	6	I did n't hold a good hand all evening
gravitation	1	the gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them
support	4	they gave him emotional support during difficult times
note	14	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .
apparition	2	The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .
horizon	4	It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge
formation	1	a formation of planes
difference	6	It just wo n't make much difference to me .
picture	3	she was the picture of despair
ribbon	2	a mere ribbon of land
identity	2	A left identity if I * x = x for any x in the structure
stick	1	a stick of dynamite
time	1	the time of year for planting
home	7	he grew up in a good Christian home
recognition	1	increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases
tab	2	pull the tab to open the can
system	1	a system generating hydrogen peroxide
course	5	if you persist in that course you will surely fail
integrity	10	he expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business
root	6	The love of money is the root of all evil .
plagiarism	6	Copy from one , it 's plagiarism . Copy from two , it 's research .
derivation	5	he prefers shoes of Italian derivation
floor	1	the floor of the cave
affinity	1	an affinity for politics
speech	1	her speech was barren of southernisms
head	5	Admission is three dollars a head .
letter	1	The letter of a room
moralization	5	" Our government proposes the moralization of public functions and the end of impunity for government functionaries and for individuals who violate the law and steal from the people , " — Nicanor Duarte Frutos , President of Paraguay , quoted in the http://articles.latimes.com/2004/apr/04/world/fg-smokes4 Los Angeles Times .
credit	9	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .
grain	1	A grain of salt
spell	3	he whispered a spell as he moved his hands
agonist	8	when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist
business	3	a racially integrated business concern
mirror	6	I had a look in the mirror to see if the blood had come off my face .
refill	3	he got a refill for his notebook
run	6	The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .
softness	6	he attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy
imbalance	2	a hormonal imbalance
interpreter	5	she was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles
cup	8	he wore a jock strap with a metal cup
channel	1	a channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company
floor	5	The room has a wooden floor .
wall	5	negotiations ran into a brick wall
fatigue	5	he was suffering from museum fatigue
identity	5	geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it
frequency	1	the frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older
missus	10	Harry said he could n't stop and chat because his missus wanted to go shopping .
heart	1	the heart and soul of the Republican Party
make	1	what make of car is that ?
background	7	he is a lawyer with a sports background
faith	2	keep the faith
streak	7	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .
vote	4	they allowed just one vote per person
date	4	they are up to date
baron	3	A “ robber baron ” or “ robber knight ” is an historic term and title of disdain .
worry	1	his worry over the prospect of being fired
shortness	3	there was no shortness of money
altitude	2	As the altitude increases , the temperature gets lower , so remember to bring warm clothes to the mountains .
suit	6	they buried him in his best suit
reaction	7	he was pleased by the audience 's reaction to his performance
song	1	the song of bullets was in the air
course	1	a course of bricks
pattern	4	they stayed in the pattern until the fog lifted
yes	3	Was that a yes ?
level	1	what level is the office on ?
origin	4	the rumor had its origin in idle gossip
stream	0	stream of consciousness
term	2	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals
rebellion	6	each generation must have its own rebellion
tune	5	the clarinet was out of tune
patch	2	a cabbage patch
business	15	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !
class	1	The class of 1982 was particularly noteworthy .
field	8	anthropologists do much of their work in the field
peak	1	voltage peak
door	3	he slammed the door as he left
lift	4	He gave me a lift to the bus station .
chance	3	We had the chance to meet the president last week .
lifesaving	7	I 'm normally a big fan of lifesaving , but in his case we can make an exception .
date	3	I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .
record	6	his name is in all the record books
power	53	Thwackum , on the contrary , maintained that the human mind , since the fall , was nothing but a sink of iniquity , till purified and redeemed by grace . The favourite phrase of the former , was the natural beauty of virtue ; that of the latter , was the divine power of grace .
ghost	7	he looked like he had seen a ghost
post	2	this military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby
waste	3	much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers
receptiveness	1	this receptiveness is the key feature in oestral behavior , enabling natural mating to occur
defensiveness	1	his defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence
cube	2	A stock cube
choice	1	your choice of colors was unfortunate
reaction	4	there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water
tomorrow	5	everyone hopes for a better tomorrow
progress	4	he listened for the progress of the troops
point	4	she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street
failure	6	that year there was a crop failure
cut	3	I like the cut of that suit .
level	4	the water reached ankle level
thing	4	to say the same thing in other terms
practice	6	a hard theory to put into practice
treatment	11	The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .
support	6	they developed a scheme of mutual support
resistance	1	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics
situation	2	no human situation is simple
mask	5	they moved in under a mask of friendship
system	5	he bought a new stereo system
lyric	1	The lyric in line 3 does n't rhyme .
image	7	the company tried to project an altruistic image
hunger	0	hunger for affection
sale	5	they had to complete the sale before the banks closed
perversion	0	perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords
fun	7	she asked for money and then the fun began
building	6	there was a three - story building on the corner
subject	2	Her favorite subject is physics .
deficit	5	the people concerned have a deficit in verbal memory
third	3	He ate a third of the pie . Divided by two - thirds .
fatigue	6	the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue
kid	3	She 's a kid . It 's normal for her to have imaginary friends .
opening	4	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .
bit	4	I gave him a bit of my mind
account	8	he predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance
order	4	it was on the order of a mile
stiff	2	a working stiff
submission	5	the union was brought into submission
figure	4	he cut a fine figure
bit	5	A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .
control	3	the timing and control of his movements were unimpaired
loan	3	He got a loan of five thousand pounds .
neck	5	the banjo had a long neck
interest	4	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
run	5	the team enjoyed a brief run of victories
concoction	6	she has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories
key	5	some students had stolen the key to the final exam
number	5	she preferred the black nylon number
neighbour	1	My neighbour has an annoying cat .
time	4	he waited a long time
impression	4	he made a good impression
vehicle	5	the play was just a vehicle to display her talents
voice	2	the noisy voice of the waterfall
distress	3	a ship in distress
cycle	9	The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth - century German composer .
power	1	the power of his love saved her
spring	6	he will hold office until the spring of next year
behalf	8	spoke a good word in his friend 's behalf
profession	7	the news spread rapidly through the medical profession
church	5	There is a lovely little church in the valley .
fire	8	they retreated in the face of withering enemy fire
post	5	it came by the first post
hand	1	his hand was illegible
text	6	he wants to reconstruct the original text
fill	3	he ate his fill of potatoes
light	4	do you have a light ?
window	2	the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves
person	6	there was too much for one person to do
view	7	He changed seat to get a complete view of the stage .
commercialization	7	both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products
courage	5	" A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before . " —Ralph Waldo Emerson
body	1	a body of law
unemployment	0	unemployment is a serious social evil
lead	6	the police are following a promising lead
vote	11	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .
war	1	the war on poverty
product	4	his reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue
degree	13	She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .
grave	3	from cradle to grave
support	3	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
area	1	the area of a rectangle
face	6	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
court	6	The girls were playing in the court .
surgery	5	I dropped in on the surgery as I was passing to show the doctor my hemorrhoids .
commission	3	he works on commission
backup	12	After the power failure , we had to restore the database from backup .
eye	4	That dress caught her eye .
commercialization	4	my father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege
baby	3	stop being a baby !
action	2	the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves
charge	4	The child was a charge of the nanny .
difficulty	1	had difficulty walking
skeleton	5	the battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self
head	1	a head of lettuce
age	4	It 's been an age since we last saw you .
grace	8	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .
wall	1	a wall of smoke
mystery	6	how it got out is a mystery
breath	3	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
boy	12	The boys were playing kickball in the mud ; Steve is a boy of 16
mechanism	1	the mechanism of the ear
communication	6	they could not act without official communication from Moscow
flare	2	a colitis flare
run	4	I 'm having a run of bad luck .
howl	3	he gave a howl of pain
product	16	That store offers a variety of products . We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .
repertory	1	the repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism
skin	7	He is so disgusting he makes my skin crawl .
conflict	3	the harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph "-- Thomas Paine
trade	7	they are accused of conspiring to constrain trade
door	3	education is the door to success
part	6	they resisted every effort on his part
school	1	the school was built in 1932
multiplication	1	this multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth
floor	8	we spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent
slot	9	she beat some tough competition for the number one slot
seat	1	The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .
part	4	We all have a part to play .
price	4	I paid a high price for my folly .
sense	5	fortunately she had the good sense to run away
quality	1	the quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare
foot	4	armored from head to foot
transplant	4	he had a kidney transplant
head	7	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
attack	2	open to attack by the elements
field	8	the set of all rational numbers is a field
time	4	they had a good time together
game	7	you need four people to play this game
performance	3	they admired his performance under stress
array	6	his tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall
defense	0	defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem
calendar	5	The club has a busy calendar this year .
order	0	order ruled in the streets
trouble	6	I went to a lot of trouble
queen	1	the queen of ocean liners
hinge	4	his absence is the hinge of our plan
miracle	4	An example of a miracle associated with Muhammad is the splitting of the moon .
encounter	1	Their encounter was a matter of chance
thread	1	a thread of smoke climbed upward
unit	5	the coach said the offensive unit did a good job
damage	4	how much is the damage ?
finish	6	it was a fight to the finish
street	3	Walk down the street .
hold	4	she kept a firm hold on the railing
action	9	gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible
bit	6	I 'll be there in a bit ; I need to take care of something first .  He was here just a bit ago , but it looks like he 's stepped out .
shopping	3	she loaded her shopping into the car"women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance
tendency	1	a tendency to be too strict
light	2	Put that light out !
channel	6	the ship went aground in the channel
vagueness	6	these terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey
company	6	a hook - and - ladder company
night	4	it vanished into the night
stay	3	a lengthy hospital stay
tension	3	there is a tension between these approaches to understanding history
time	9	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .  He is not living at home because he is doing time .
hegemony	12	to say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony
throat	1	the throat of a chimney
application	1	the application of indexes to tables of data
record	5	he ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court
member	1	a member of the faculty
number	1	every number has a unique position in the sequence
field	8	the home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field
change	2	he got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver
tear	3	Ryan wiped the tear from the paper he was crying on .
clarity	2	Lack of clarity on the part of the teacher will cause confusion among the students .
cardinal	1	The cardinal number " three " can be represented as " 3 " or " three " .
seat	1	The seat of a saddle
trojan	4	the contents of a trojan can be a virus or a worm
disturbance	8	he looked around for the source of the disturbance
tumult	1	The tumult of the elements
window	6	You have a two - hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
part	2	the written part of the exam
condition	2	a heart condition
shock	2	the first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch
sectarianism	3	he condemned religious sectarianism
traffic	0	traffic on the internet is lightest during the night
ability	4	This wood has the ability to fight off insects , fungus , and mold for a considerable time .
head	3	She gave great head .
language	12	the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written
travel	7	he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel
denial	10	Every time we asked for an interview we got a denial .
set	1	a set of books
class	1	The class of all sets is not a set .
field	6	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .
grater	10	I 'm making coleslaw ; do you know where the grater is ?
antagonist	10	A flexor , which bends a part , is the antagonist of an extensor , which extends it .
field	1	Oil field ; gold field
comfort	4	his friendship was a comfort
season	4	he celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company
cup	1	the cup of her bra
compass	2	Within the compass of an encircling wall
day	12	Day and night ; I work at night and sleep during the day .
age	5	we live in a litigious age
development	3	what a revolting development !
life	6	he wanted to live his own life without interference from others
space	5	they stopped at an open space in the jungle
platoon	2	the defensive platoon of the football team
fair	1	trade fair
rest	14	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .
facelift	4	give your home a facelift
formation	1	the formation of memories
orbit	3	The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .
tab	4	files with a red tab will be stored separately
baby	6	it was great to feel my baby moving about inside
run	3	she got a run in her stocking
fun	5	I do it for the fun of it
side	5	he is on the purchasing side of the business
job	7	he gave it up as a bad job
slowcoach	7	in England they call a slowpoke a slowcoach
stay	4	a four - month stay in bankruptcy court
vermin	8	boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin
song	5	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .
state	1	his state of health
wall	4	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .
dwelling	4	he built a modest dwelling near the pond
company	3	he started the company in his garage
wave	1	a wave of settlers
habit	4	It 's become a habit of mine to have a cup of coffee after dinner .
news	3	Is there any news about the storm ?
neap	24	* Rear Adm. Harry Hill , put in command of the amphibious force , consults with local mariners and reaches a cautious consensus that neap high tide in the lagoon on November 20 will surely be close to five feet deep . — Michael Kernan , ( Tarawa ) " ... heavy fire ... unable to land ... issue in doubt . " , Smithsonian , Vol . 24 Issue 8 , p118 , 11p , 1c , 9bw , Nov , 1993
trouble	1	one trouble after another delayed the job
breath	6	I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .
disposition	3	I have little disposition now to do as you say .
variant	1	a variant of the same word
metric	5	convert all the measurements to metric units
seat	4	he dusted off the seat before sitting down
wrestle	4	they had a fierce wrestle
slip	3	he blamed his slip on the ice
fit	1	a fit of coughing
occasion	9	Having people round for dinner was always quite an occasion at our house .
libido	3	For Freudians , libido means the desire to " unite and bind " with objects in the world .
chromosome	3	humans have 22 chromosome pairs plus two sex chromosomes
attitude	7	The ballet dancer walked with a graceful attitude
power	25	An incident which happened about this time will set the characters of these two lads more fairly before the discerning reader than is in the power of the longest dissertation .
outwardness	6	what is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste
umbrella	5	the Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups
evil	6	attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world
drag	3	He performed in drag .
omophagia	32	* 1992 : Uncomfortably , I thought of the Bacchae : hooves and bloody ribs , scraps dangling from the fir trees . There was a word for it in Greek : omophagia . — Donna Tartt , The Secret History
loaf	1	meat loaf
quality	3	a man of quality
dullness	3	without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it .
construction	4	He had worked in construction all his life .
address	6	he failed in his manner of address to the captain
orbit	3	in the political orbit of a world power
account	1	An account of a battle .
job	5	the barber did a real job on my hair
style	2	a cartilaginous style
tone	2	from the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome
fatigue	5	the soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson
water	5	they were sitting by the water 's edge
search	4	the outcome justified the search
window	3	they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded
outfitter	1	an outfitter provided everything needed for the safari
body	2	the student body
line	5	they attacked the enemy 's line
size	3	that 's the size of the situation
matter	1	Printed matter ; He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .
case	5	it may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled
stuff	3	there 's good stuff in that book
hold	3	he has a hold over them
reason	1	the reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly
respect	7	he went to law school out of respect for his father 's wishes
part	6	he tried to sing the tenor part
push	6	he gave the door a hard push
invitation	3	she threw the invitation away
presence	3	he sensed the presence of danger
play	4	they made a futile play for power
third	3	he is playing third
left	2	take a left at the corner
operation	2	the cognitive operation of remembering
touch	5	this dish could use a touch of garlic
neighborhood	8	he always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood
shock	8	loss of blood is an important cause of shock
way	4	did n't know the way home
head	6	This song keeps going through my head .
play	3	they gave full play to the artist 's talent
sound	1	the sound awakened them
life	6	She 's my love , my life .
spread	5	they put out quite a spread
gap	7	The exploring party went through the high gap in the mountains .
occasion	1	an occasion arranged to honor the president
confidence	0	confidence is always borrowed , never owned
soul	1	the soul of honor
effect	2	the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
business	2	Government and business could not agree
make	1	What make of car do you drive ?
panel	2	Today 's panel includes John Smith .
center	6	he hit the ball to deep center
world	4	he sailed around the world
change	1	the change of government had no impact on the economy
coast	1	the coast is clear
taste	4	arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success
corner	5	a piano was in one corner of the room
end	10	the so - called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end
degree	2	a remarkable degree of frankness
pledge	4	his saxophone was in pledge
position	6	atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life
light	3	there was a light at every corner
catch	3	There was a catch in his voice when he spoke his father 's name .
respect	3	she lost all respect for him
part	5	he wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself
pursuit	1	the pursuit of love
civilization	7	the people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization
interest	5	He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .
corner	2	The chimney corner was full of cobwebs .
movement	2	the second movement is slow and melodic
chance	3	you take a chance when you let her drive
head	5	they say he gives good head
goal	2	the winning goal came with less than a minute left to play
excuse	2	a poor excuse for an automobile
course	1	the course of the river
tension	4	the direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear
quality	10	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .
action	7	his novels always have a lot of action
extension	4	they applied for an extension of the loan
difference	9	You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference .
point	3	get to the point
tea	7	Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .
number	4	he has an unlisted number
post	3	he occupied a post in the treasury
stick	6	the policy so far is all stick and no carrot
stand	2	a bedside stand
spot	1	night spot
action	4	he is out of action
smoke	3	it was just smoke and mirrors
score	2	settling a score
squeeze	4	she was his main squeeze
grace	5	it was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church
figure	4	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .
grave	7	he put flowers on his mother 's grave
quota	5	all the salesmen met their quota for the month
formula	5	he gave us a general formula for attacking polynomials
case	2	The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object . Latin has six cases , and remnants of a seventh .
line	4	he got out of line
piece	3	he sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage
language	2	The English language ; sign language
score	4	add it to my score and I 'll settle later
way	1	make way for
resolution	3	Printing at higher resolution will cause a reduction in performance .
arrangement	1	the arrangement of the furniture
head	4	matters came to a head yesterday
foot	1	the foot of the mountain
machine	6	the boxer was a magnificent fighting machine
system	3	in a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface
pocket	5	the trapped miners found a pocket of air
explosion	1	the explosion was heard a mile away
flare	3	he threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss
presence	7	I 'm convinced that there was a presence in that building that I ca n't explain , which led to my heroic actions .
presentation	3	he prepared his presentation carefully in advance
variety	3	the range and variety of his work is amazing
book	5	I am reading a good book on economics
tip	3	he got a tip on the stock market
reading	3	he bought some reading material at the airport
letter	3	mailed an indignant letter to the editor
set	2	The country set
finish	6	the market was up at the finish
hollow	1	The hollow of the hand or of a tree
corner	1	a corner on the silver market
bite	1	the bite of satire
tramp	2	a homeless tramp
court	5	players had to reserve a court in advance
bed	8	slices of hard - boiled egg on a bed of spinach
stretch	1	a stretch of clear water
run	9	she broke the record for the half - mile run
heart	5	you have n't got the heart for baseball
wear	4	the tires showed uneven wear
direction	2	is the direction of the economy a function of government ?
fill	8	The mixer returned to the plant for another fill .
stretch	8	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .
authority	6	She lost all her respect and authority after turning up drunk to the meeting .
action	2	A rifle action
feeling	4	I had a strange feeling in my leg
academy	2	The military academy at West Point ; a riding academy ; the Academy of Music .
energy	0	energy can take a wide variety of forms
break	1	the break seems to have been caused by a fall
hand	3	on the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
score	11	he tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful
sign	3	charges of opposite sign
excuse	4	He 's a sorry excuse of a doctor .
head	5	tickets are $ 5 per head
note	3	there was a note of uncertainty in his voice
surprise	1	The surprise attack was devastating .
pass	7	the plane turned to make a second pass
call	6	he was ejected for protesting the call
case	3	it was a case of bad judgment
leave	3	he took his leave
life	3	pottery was his life
eye	5	he tried to catch her eye
lot	4	they were an angry lot
control	3	he had lost control of his sphincters
field	10	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .
recognition	2	a sudden recognition of the problem he faced
set	7	his instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set
head	7	I 've got to go to the head .
development	1	the development and printing of his pictures took only two hours
support	6	the statue stood on a marble support
trust	5	He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .
authority	0	authority for the program was renewed several times
picture	2	the political picture is favorable
dip	3	there was a dip in the road
patch	2	a briar patch
land	4	he returned to the land of his birth
recognition	9	He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .
softness	6	suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby
thing	6	I could n't tell what the thing was
shag	4	the dog 's woolly shag
shower	8	Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower ?
figure	1	a figure of $ 17 was suggested
time	11	Time stops for nobody .  the ebb and flow of time
history	1	a history of France
head	1	the head of the whole operation
life	5	the battery had a short life
wall	6	competition was pushing them to the wall
book	3	he bought a book of stamps
slot	7	the TV program has a new time slot
force	1	A force out was recorded on the scorecard .
ease	6	they put it into containers for ease of transportation
accent	8	The name Cézanne is written with an acute accent .
life	5	he hoped for a new life in Australia
load	5	I 'm worried that the load on that transformer will be too high .
control	3	measures for the control of disease
number	7	this sweater is an all - wool number
place	5	If you were in my place what would you do ?
production	6	she tends to make a big production out of nothing
organ	11	Georgie Fame plays all types of keyboards including electric piano , organ , and Hammond organ .
run	3	Nicklaus had a run of birdies
reaction	2	a bad reaction to the medicine
face	5	He 's always stuffing his face with chips .
score	3	what was your score on your homework ?
eye	7	the thread would n't go through the eye
check	1	a check on its dependability under stress
head	2	under the head of minor Roman poets
run	5	Let 's go for a run in the car .
table	4	it was a sturdy table
line	3	drop me a line when you get there
shower	5	her friends organized a baby shower for her when she was expecting
play	4	there was too much play in the steering wheel
vanilla	12	You can tell that the secret ingredient missing from New CokeTM was vanilla , because certain South American economies collapsed when it was introduced , and miraculously revived when the old formula was used again .
movement	6	politicians have to respect a mass movement
air	4	she was humming an air from Beethoven
force	2	a public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens
nomination	2	the Republican nomination for Governor
center	1	Shopping center
reversal	3	there was a reversal of autonomic function
head	1	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .
resistance	6	he encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens
side	7	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
return	12	his gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return
treasure	4	the pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies
finish	10	when these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show
number	7	I hope to become one of their number before I die
reason	1	the reason that war was declared
wing	4	they are the progressive wing of the Republican Party
point	5	Cut the skin with the point of the knife .
third	13	he answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment
bit	3	in just a bit
pull	1	the pull up the hill had him breathing harder
restraint	2	the unlawful restraint of trade
foot	4	We went there by foot because we could not afford a taxi .
sight	1	the sight of his wife brought him back to reality
play	5	it was all done in play
shot	1	The shot was wide off the mark .
union	4	lightning produced an unusual union of the metals
space	5	it all happened in the space of 10 minutes
torrent	3	They endured a torrent of inquiries .
touch	9	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
bitch	3	Karma 's a bitch .
mouth	5	the jar had a wide mouth
mode	2	their nomadic mode of existence
bank	3	he operated a bank of switches
head	6	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
call	3	the salesman 's call on a customer
economy	0	economy of effort
voice	5	Canst thou thunder with a voice like him ? — Job 40:9
post	7	if you hurry you 'll catch the post
head	1	the head of the nail " , " a pinhead is the head of a pin
front	4	he walked to the front of the stage
land	2	an industrialized land
motion	5	the cinema relies on apparent motion
defense	1	in defense he said the other man started it
field	6	He was an expert in the field of Chinese history .
line	2	a washing line
system	5	they had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation
youth	1	Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her .
study	4	he is a quick study
order	4	men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today
peace	8	Our lounge strives to maintain an environment of peace for the comfort of our customers .
return	1	in return we gave them as good as we got
support	6	he applied to the state for support
pain	1	the pain of loneliness
implication	4	he was suspected of implication in several robberies
head	1	a head of steam
operation	5	a large - scale farming operation
point	8	We should meet at a pre - arranged point .
conclusion	1	his conclusion took the evidence into account
par	0	par for this course is 72
floor	2	the whole floor complained about the lack of heat
house	1	the house gets a percentage of every bet
class	15	Apologizing for losing your temper , even though you were badly provoked , showed real class .
shock	5	the armies met in the shock of battle
trouble	4	he won without any trouble
shower	7	Her church group has planned an adoption shower .
competition	5	The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .
touch	5	this piano has a wonderful touch
air	5	the program was on the air from 9 til midnight
shrinkage	8	the material lost 2 inches per yard in shrinkage
movement	9	the succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement
object	2	the sole object of her trip was to see her children
date	1	his date never stopped talking
lift	2	Take the lift to the fourth floor .
cost	2	The average cost of a new house is twice as much as t was 20 years ago .
top	7	the title should be written at the top of the first page
defense	4	he offered a persuasive defense of the theory
utility	4	a computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users
end	1	one end of the box was marked ` This side up '
reflection	6	The dog barked at his own reflection in the mirror .
cut	4	That 's our finest cut of meat .
course	6	We offer seafood as the first course .
break	1	the break in the eighth frame cost him the match
water	7	first you have to cut off the water
title	3	he held the title for two years
head	1	the head of the list
drink	0	drink was his downfall
society	3	he enjoyed the society of his friends
picture	2	the very picture of a modern general
charge	5	this cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains
point	3	what is the point of discussing it ?
unit	4	the team is a unit
eye	4	they were in the eye of the storm
talk	3	there has been talk about you lately
foot	6	I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .
face	2	an angry face
key	5	he spoke in a low key
thrust	1	the thrust of the jet engines
hand	2	the big hand counts the minutes
path	6	the hurricane demolished houses in its path
film	6	the table was covered with a film of dust
civilization	7	he is remembered for his generosity and civilization
opening	1	the opening received good critical reviews
deference	1	his deference to her wishes was very flattering
pottery	5	The shelves were lined with pottery of all shapes and sizes .
place	11	We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .
finish	2	his best finish in a major tournament was third
point	6	he held me up at the point of a gun
stress	4	Some people put the stress on the first syllable of “ controversy ” ; others put it on the second .
office	4	An executive or judical office ; a municipal office
facility	5	he was famous for his facility as an archer
court	7	the king will visit the duke 's court
element	3	water is the element of fishes
ball	1	a ball of mud caught him on the shoulder
art	1	an art exhibition
demand	4	the automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips
piece	2	an important piece of the evidence
work	1	the work of an active imagination
place	1	your place or mine ?
course	5	the government took a firm course
tail	4	Most primates have a tail and fangs .
loss	5	the company operated at a loss last year
setup	6	it takes time to learn the setup around here
dip	5	I 'm going for a dip before breakfast .
connection	3	there was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare
respect	10	He is an intellectual giant , and I have great respect for him .
volume	8	The letter " G " was found in volume 4 .
fall	12	when that became known the price of their stock went into free fall
population	1	The population of New Jersey will not stand for this !
line	4	there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity
copy	3	catastrophes make good copy
mouth	3	he stuffed his mouth with candy
lift	7	some actresses have more than one face lift
way	7	they did n't have much in the way of clothing
finish	9	the wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish
hand	3	give me a hand with the chores
fatigue	1	metal fatigue
formation	1	the formation of sentences
work	6	he was indebted to the pioneering work of John Dewey
sum	1	the sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered
song	4	I love hearing the song of canary birds .
center	3	it is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback
stage	2	at what stage are the social sciences ?
stick	6	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .
split	6	he inserted the wedge into a split in the log
scene	5	the police returned to the scene of the crime
hit	8	Where am I going to get my next hit ?
recognition	2	give her recognition for trying
light	4	he stepped into the light
interest	3	in the common interest
deal	1	a deal of trouble
snap	5	he gave his fingers a snap
shot	6	he left me an almost impossible shot
work	8	mastering a second language requires a lot of work
stage	3	it set the stage for peaceful negotiations
stone	6	he must have a heart of stone
set	1	the set of prime numbers is infinite
fatigue	5	he was hospitalized for extreme fatigue
separation	1	the separation of wheat from chaff
charge	5	he was arrested on a charge of larceny
life	1	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
stage	1	The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies .
shot	2	his parting shot was ` drop dead '
line	2	a nice line of shoes
number	10	in English the subject and the verb must agree in number
air	8	if you 've time to spare go by air
coverage	6	they accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations
etiolation	1	his etiolation signaled years in prison
voice	14	O Marcus , I am warm'd ; my heart Leaps at the trumpet 's voice . —
action	3	a man of action
ball	5	he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub
use	4	he warned against the use of narcotic drugs
extension	1	the extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos
work	0	work equals force times distance
rock	4	that mountain is solid rock
play	8	insiders said the company 's stock was in play
trust	8	the doctor - patient relationship is based on trust
piece	7	it is not known who created this piece
price	1	what price glory ?
start	4	they got an early start
baby	4	this project is his baby
account	4	he gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president
development	1	the development of Alaskan resources
course	3	he took a course in basket weaving
round	3	there was a round of applause
court	1	The court is now in session .
volume	1	The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .
motion	3	police controlled the motion of the crowd
detail	5	the essay contained too much detail
opinion	7	he asked for a poll of public opinion
bit	3	he had a bit of good luck
change	3	she brought a change in her overnight bag
misery	1	the misery and wretchedness of those slums is intolerable
disposition	4	a swelling with a disposition to rupture
order	4	The house is in order ; the machinery is out of order .
feeling	4	he had a great feeling for music
rule	1	the rule of St. Dominic
double	8	his first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable
community	9	the preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests
wall	5	his back was to the wall
extension	6	most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS
bar	10	it was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar
life	13	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .
back	1	his back was nicely tanned
leave	4	a ten day 's leave to visit his mother
concatenation	6	it was caused by an improbable concatenation of circumstances
line	5	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning
picture	8	they could still receive the sound but the picture was gone
law	3	there is a law against kidnapping
splash	7	her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color
identity	2	Simply an identity element if both are true
check	6	he asked the waiter for the check
tendency	3	fabric with a tendency to shrink
unit	5	an idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another
plot	7	the characters were well drawn but the plot was banal
heart	5	a five - pound beef heart will serve six
confidence	2	I have confidence in our team
point	3	he checked the point on his compass
application	2	a novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis
term	2	the general term of an algebraic equation of the n - th degree
set	4	he gave a final set to his hat
draft	4	they served beer on draft
head	1	the head of a comet
faith	3	he cherished the faith of a good woman
vocabulary	2	My Russian vocabulary is very limited .
end	1	the end of the year
coast	2	The rocky coast of Maine has few beaches .
round	1	The round of the seasons ; a round of pleasures
breath	2	not a breath of scandal ever touched her
trend	1	The trend of a coastline ; the upward trend of stock - market prices
death	5	he seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life
fire	2	hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes
grace	7	It has become less common to say grace before having dinner .
case	14	for English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters
delivery	4	she had a difficult delivery
pass	3	he had a pass for three days
mess	5	My boss dumped a whole mess of projects on my desk today .
identity	4	you can lose your identity when you join the army
head	9	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .
catch	7	it sounds good but what 's the catch ?
hum	4	there is a constant hum of military preparation
token	9	According to the Bible , the rainbow is a token of God 's covenant with Noah .
hold	3	Keep a firm hold on the handlebars .
death	1	her death came as a terrible shock
cut	4	he took a vicious cut at the ball
game	5	he 's in the plumbing game
trend	7	not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book
date	4	Do you know the date of the wedding ?
life	4	his heroism saved a life
range	0	range of motion
recognition	9	she seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own
surface	11	the cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface
dish	4	marriage was scarcely his dish
patch	1	a patch of bad weather
title	11	the professor did n't like his friends to use his formal title
operation	7	the power of its engine determines its operation
head	5	the beer had a large head of foam
house	4	the children were playing house
base	1	the base of the triangle
seat	5	he was elected to a seat in the Senate
inclusion	3	he admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work
grain	5	saw the board across the grain
spot	9	For our anniversary we went back to the same spot where we first met .
title	2	A good title to an estate , or an imperfect title
rank	6	his salary was determined by his rank and seniority
run	3	I have a run in my stocking .
piece	5	He 's packin ' a piece !
opening	3	there is an opening in the sales department
piece	6	I need to rest for a piece
spin	9	One of the planet 's moons has a slower spin than the others .
face	3	Why the sad face ?
swing	5	the party went with a swing
line	4	they were arrayed in line of battle
run	4	he broke into a run
order	8	a friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there
top	7	a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth
richness	6	the fire - light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room
union	1	the union of opposing factions
life	2	he got life for killing the guard
neck	5	the horse won by a neck
way	4	if I had my way
reaction	2	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .
body	1	the body of the car was badly rusted
field	11	The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .
end	5	no one wanted to play end
number	8	she refused to give them her Social Security number
line	4	he has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it
extension	1	good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability
fun	5	they began to fight like fun
circus	9	they used the elephants to help put up the circus
hand	3	Give him a hand .
support	5	his faith was all the support he needed
run	4	the ship made its run in record time
breath	2	his sour breath offended her
charge	6	the battle began with a cavalry charge
connection	1	The connection between overeating and obesity
piece	6	the children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests
left	2	The political left is not holding enough power .
fringe	1	The fringe of a picture
subscription	2	My library subscription is about to expire .
trouble	5	he got several girls in trouble
trial	6	a sample for ten days free trial
attendance	2	John 's attendance for the conventions was not good .
estimate	1	an estimate of what it would cost
trial	5	candidates must compete in a trial of skill
head	2	Tap the head of the drum for this roll .
play	1	the play lasted two hours
example	6	but there is always the famous example of the Smiths
excitement	5	he could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed
point	1	a point of information
finish	4	booze will be the finish of him
deal	7	he 's a master of the business deal
crack	5	he opened the window a crack
lead	5	the children were playing with lead soldiers
industry	1	American industry is making increased use of computers to control production
foot	1	one foot of the chair was on the carpet
cut	1	the cut from the accident scene to the hospital seemed too abrupt
mouth	5	she wiped lipstick from her mouth
bar	10	he bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar
bed	2	the track bed had washed away
strength	1	the strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks
point	4	10.5 ( " ten point five " ; = ten and a half )
motion	2	the reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise
region	4	here we enter the region of opinion
degree	3	he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude
back	1	the back of the dental chair was adjustable
rest	6	I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .
age	6	it was replaced because of its age
head	1	the head of the hammer
limit	8	The sequence of reciprocals has zero as its limit .
school	3	he walked to school every morning
view	5	they were soon out of view
operation	3	the plane 's operation in high winds
top	2	only the top side of the box was painted
tension	6	he suffered from fatigue and emotional tension
color	4	she used a different color for the trim
edge	4	his voice had an edge to it
conflict	1	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .
history	3	all of human history
weapon	13	The club that is now mostly used for golf was once a common weapon .
performance	5	we congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal
trust	7	he is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father
bank	6	he cashed a check at the bank
course	1	the course was less than a mile
splash	3	I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond .
stand	4	They took a firm stand against copyright infringement .
figure	1	the figure was about a thousand
head	1	a head of cauliflower
contact	7	they claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings
loss	6	It was written off as a loss .
inwardness	0	inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has , painlessly , as a birthright
confidence	6	after that failure he lost his confidence
grip	4	they kept a firm grip on the two top priorities
life	5	the oceans are teeming with life
order	3	IBM received an order for a hundred computers
piece	4	it was a nice piece of work
softness	10	orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness
sense	3	A keen musical sense
order	1	the order of Saint Benedict
ball	1	the ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded
damage	6	The storm did a lot of damage to the area .
thing	1	a thing of the spirit
charger	5	Put the batteries in the charger overnight so we can use them tomorrow .
score	3	he studied the score of the sonata
picture	5	the author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland
conflict	2	the familiar conflict between Republicans and Democrats
gift	5	The office is in the gift of the President .
escape	5	they tried to stop the escape of gas from the damaged pipe
agonist	9	" when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist "
series	2	The harmonic series has been much studied .
light	5	it brought the scandal to light
engagement	5	We are enjoying a long engagement , but have n't yet set a date .
face	1	The face of this company .
trial	4	he had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty
job	4	it is always a job to contact him
drop	8	it was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height
connection	3	there was a connection via the internet
place	7	he put the lamp back in its place
poison	3	We used a poison to kill the weeds .
area	4	it was a mountainous area
division	4	Magnolias belong to the division Magnoliophyta .
form	3	sculpture is a form of art
light	7	although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand
complexion	2	A rugged complexion ; a sunburnt complexion
contact	5	litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid
change	3	he attributed the change to their marriage
vote	5	they are expecting a large vote
certainty	4	his victory is a certainty
ground	6	he dropped the logs on the ground
way	2	a lonely way of life
drag	4	peeling potatoes is a drag
scene	3	he made a scene
path	1	The path of a meteor , of a caravan , or of a storm
camp	10	city kids get to see the country at a summer camp
section	1	a section of a fishing rod
center	5	his stories made him the center of the party
story	6	Our shop was on the fourth story of the building , so we had to install an elevator .
war	0	war was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring
treatment	1	his treatment of the race question is badly biased
mouth	6	they built a fire at the mouth of the cave
opinion	9	Every man is a fool in some man 's opinion .
protection	3	he made trade protection a plank in the party platform
respect	18	Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her .
heart	3	he drew a heart and called it a valentine
bull	3	he was a bull of a man
play	4	it is still my play
office	5	during his first year in office
light	3	follow God 's light
stock	8	the rifle had been fitted with a special stock
bite	4	the government 's weekly bite from my paycheck
end	3	she knotted the end of the thread
section	7	there are three synagogues in the Jewish section
land	7	he made it the law of the land
tension	0	tension holds the belt in the pulleys
drive	1	his drive and energy exhausted his co - workers
model	3	The computer weather model did not correctly predict the path of the hurricane .
call	6	after two raises there was a call
art	6	he said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully
line	6	you must wait in a long line at the checkout counter
recognition	12	he was unable to make his motion because he could n't get recognition by the chairman
hollow	7	he built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians
despite	1	the despite in which outsiders were held is legendary
point	2	at that point I had to leave
mixture	3	he drank a mixture of beer and lemonade
advance	1	An advance in health or knowledge
love	1	his love for his work
influence	4	used her parents ' influence to get the job
notice	2	he gave notice two months before he moved
howl	1	the howl of the wind made him restless
element	4	a component or constituent element of a system
corruption	0	corruption of a minor
liver	2	a high liver
background	13	they got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals
quotation	4	Let 's get a quotation for repairing the roof before we decide whether it 's worth doing .
disposition	4	he has a happy disposition
point	5	they sailed south around the point
stuff	2	it was stuff I had heard before
love	3	A mother 's love is not easily shaken .
addition	1	the addition of a leap day every four years
education	3	a girl 's education was less important than a boy 's
fire	5	put the kettle on the fire
satisfaction	7	the chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction
process	3	events now in process
addition	1	the addition of cinnamon improved the flavor
sake	2	for the sake of argument
rock	12	While we 're in Brighton , let 's get a stick of rock !
floor	5	the fire spared the forest floor
reason	3	Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .
bag	4	he ate a large bag of popcorn
shock	5	subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response
heart	5	the child won everyone 's heart
light	3	they saw the light of the beacon
shock	5	whole fields of wheat in shock
place	3	he lost his place on the page
bit	5	I 'd like a big bit of cake , please .
passing	1	the passing of winter
head	4	they were at the head of the attack
fire	3	he went through fire and damnation
light	4	he finally saw the light
direction	4	they proposed a new direction for the firm
place	4	he has a special place in my thoughts
submission	5	what was the date of submission of your proposal ?
rule	3	it was his rule to take a walk before breakfast
life	13	it was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it
restraint	5	dogs should be kept under restraint
question	8	His claim to the property has come under question .
run	7	the defensive line braced to stop the run
source	3	Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River
level	6	the pictures were at the same level
application	6	it is a job requiring serious application
beginning	5	he was responsible for the beginning of negotiations
end	6	we have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus
ball	4	The children were playing ball in the garden .
respect	2	out of respect for his privacy
grain	3	there was a grain of truth in what he said
mouth	5	New York is at the mouth of the Hudson
focus	5	the controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion
base	1	the base of the lamp
custody	6	He was mistreated while in police custody .
point	2	the main point on the agenda was taken up first
bank	6	the plane went into a steep bank
knot	7	the saw buckled when it hit a knot
stock	4	they will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter
feeling	3	he lost all feeling in his arm
pain	4	the patient developed severe pain and distension
union	4	there is strength in union
marriage	4	Pat and Leslie 's marriage to each other lasted forty years .
meaning	3	What is the meaning of this proverb ?
position	9	Stop running all over the field and play your position !
cover	5	There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .
fringe	1	Her fringe is so long it covers her eyes .
book	5	they run things by the book around here
rest	7	the gun was steadied on a special rest
preparation	8	the resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance
school	8	he did n't miss a single day of school
return	1	the return of spring
slot	5	Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks
development	9	The organism has reached a crucial stage in its development .
opening	6	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
game	5	I saw through his little game from the start
source	6	he spent hours looking for the source of that quotation
heart	1	The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .
life	6	I have known him all his life
touch	3	he got in touch with his colleagues
warhorse	13	As he spoke , the knight - errant , who had remounted his warhorse , galloped forward to the royal stand , with a silken kerchief bound round his wounded arm . — Arthur Conan Doyle , The White Company , Chapter 26 .
claim	1	his claim on her attentions
degree	4	murder in the second degree
break	5	he finally got his big break
change	8	I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change
surface	7	the facts had been brought to the surface
wash	4	My jacket needs a wash .
washout	12	it was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road
head	4	he was at the head of the column
matter	6	physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it
lap	1	the lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches
stopover	3	they made a stopover to visit their friends
shot	3	he wanted a shot at the champion
slot	5	he followed the deer 's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees
place	4	this is a nice place for a picnic
shock	4	he was numb with shock
breath	6	he was fighting to his last breath
bar	5	he was admitted to the bar in New Jersey
bit	1	a bit of lint
spot	10	Would you like to come round on Sunday for a spot of lunch ?
plane	5	he lived on a worldly plane
ceremony	1	a ceremony commemorating Pearl Harbor
night	5	How do you sleep at night when you attack your kids like that ! ?
habit	3	she had a habit twirling the ends of her hair
step	4	it 's only a step to the drugstore
place	4	He comes from a place near Chicago
realization	2	a growing realization of the risk involved
step	5	he paused on the bottom step
effect	4	she retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting
love	1	their love left them indifferent to their surroundings
field	3	The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .
faith	2	I have faith in the goodness of my fellow man .
subject	4	I am a British subject .
inclination	2	the alkaline inclination of the local waters
emission	1	The emission of heat from a fire
region	3	in the abdominal region
threat	1	his threat to kill me was quite explicit
drive	6	he took the family for a drive in his new car
run	15	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three - day run .
land	5	he built the house on land leased from the city
return	2	on his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party
loss	0	loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt
nose	4	he ducked under the nose of the gun
position	5	moved from third to fifth position
bit	7	the horse was not accustomed to a bit
reflection	2	After careful reflection , I have decided not to vote for that proposition .
meeting	4	there was an informal meeting in my living room
impression	5	I wanted to create an impression of success
study	9	he knocked lightly on the closed door of the study
audience	4	the broadcast reached an audience of millions
number	3	he had a number of chores to do
book	4	he used a large book as a doorstop
impression	5	the events left a permanent impression in his mind
line	5	he 's not in my line of business
mother	4	The lioness was a mother of four cubs .
product	3	This is a product of lime and nitric acid .
dent	3	it made a dent in my bank account
point	3	he missed the point of the joke
form	4	his resentment took the form of extreme hostility
block	11	I knew his name perfectly well but I had a temporary block
space	5	write your name in the space provided
stage	6	then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise
lead	2	a good lead for a job
difficulty	4	they agreed about the difficulty of the climb
title	1	his title to fame
lot	1	a lot of money
branch	1	a branch of Congress
dog	1	the dog barked all night
touch	4	he longed for the touch of her hand
luck	1	the luck of the Irish
softness	4	the climate had the softness of the south of France
art	0	art does not need to be innovative to be good
course	4	The ship changed its course 15 degrees towards south .
support	4	they called for artillery support
lead	1	the lead was in the dummy
beauty	5	Brigitte Bardot was a renowned beauty .
glimpse	7	from the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake
check	7	I summoned the waiter , paid the check , and hurried to leave .
cover	1	the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft
pain	5	Your mother is a right pain .
drag	3	he took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly
glass	4	We looked through the glass to see stars .
length	3	he determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points
party	1	the party of the first part
practice	4	I took over his practice when he retired
orbit	5	he 's out of my orbit
credit	4	That engineer is a credit to the team .
devotion	1	the devotion of his time and wealth to science
bed	6	My cat often sleeps on my bed .
heart	2	in your heart you know it is true
safety	3	He ran to safety
break	3	there was a break in the action when a player was hurt
stage	14	an early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage
movement	1	the movement of cargo onto the vessel
line	3	He drew a line on the chart
wall	1	the wall followed the road
period	5	in England they call a period a stop
effect	5	he just did it for effect
order	4	Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .
roll	1	The roll of a ball
clap	12	If your dick has " the drip " you probably have the clap and need to go to the sex clinic .
leak	6	one of the tires developed a leak
day	4	every dog has his day
vermin	7	he examined the child 's head for vermin
squeeze	4	increased expenses put a squeeze on profits
space	5	the astronauts walked in outer space without a tether
face	9	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news
day	3	he deserves his day in court
trail	3	there as a trail of blood
contact	0	contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull
rest	4	he threw away the rest
water	7	He showed me the river of living water , sparkling like crystal , flowing from the throne of God .
taste	4	she enjoyed her brief taste of independence
life	5	he appointed himself emperor for life
structure	4	artists must study the structure of the human body
control	1	the control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw
class	3	an emerging professional class
third	9	he was cut down on a close play at third
throw	5	the catcher made a good throw to second base
limitation	6	it is growing rapidly with no limitation in sight
break	1	the break in the dam threatened the valley
system	9	we ca n't do it unless we establish some system around here
slack	5	suddenly they were in a slack and the water was motionless
side	10	the hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side
name	3	halt in the name of the law
life	9	he could no longer cope with the complexities of life
line	12	` let me show you my etchings ' is a rather worn line
check	2	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .
satellite	5	The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth .
check	3	they made a check of their equipment
ease	5	a life of luxury and ease
beachhead	9	the Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead
number	1	a number 13 shoe
office	2	being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage
side	6	they always sat on the right side of the church
floor	1	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
cut	3	everyone got a cut of the earnings
lead	4	he took a long lead off first
series	2	a comedy series
tongue	4	she has a glib tongue
rate	2	the literacy rate
canvas	2	the crowded canvas of history
image	3	although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry
fire	4	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .
note	3	there was a note of gaiety in her manner
leak	5	I have to take a leak .
center	1	Convention center
case	2	a mental case
section	7	he always turns first to the business section
mercy	3	It was a mercy that we were not inside when the roof collapsed
accord	3	we are in accord with your proposal
shower	7	the game was interrupted by a brief shower
trade	5	as they say in the trade
authority	3	he is an authority on corporate law
air	5	the house had a neglected air
mess	1	a mess of porridge
court	4	The queen and her court traveled to the city to welcome back the soldiers .
point	3	he stuck the point of the knife into a tree
concern	9	the safety of the ship is the captain 's concern
round	3	we enjoyed our round of the local bars
stop	4	it came to a stop at the bottom of the hill
pace	5	he lived at a fast pace
voice	6	After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12
solution	1	the solution took three hours
extension	4	the wire has an extension of 50 feet
movement	4	he had a bowel movement
cut	2	the unkindest cut of all
company	10	the room was a mess because he had n't expected company
member	3	Canada is a member of the United Nations
silence	2	he needed silence in order to sleep
account	9	he asked to see the executive who handled his account
fire	3	There was a fire at the school last night and the whole place burned down .
range	5	a piano has a greater range than the human voice
form	7	he was at the top of his form
relationship	10	he did n't want his wife to know of the relationship
shtik	3	he played a shtik Beethoven
family	2	he 's family
flight	1	The flight of a refugee
progress	1	great progress in the arts
divinity	5	ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs
system	5	he tried to understand their system of classification
account	4	I expected a brief account
class	5	she has a lot of class
home	9	the teacher asked how many people made up his home
newspaper	3	he read his newspaper at breakfast
charge	1	his charge was deliver a message
pull	6	he was sidelined with a hamstring pull
lot	3	has a happy lot
vote	6	he failed to get the Black vote
prescription	5	I tried to follow her prescription for success
pull	8	the chairman 's nephew has a lot of pull
third	4	it contains approximately a third of the minimum daily requirement
spin	3	He put some spin on the cue ball .
header	1	Your header is too long ; " Local Cannibals " will suffice .
crash	1	the crash occurred during a thunderstorm and the system has been down ever since
sleep	6	he felt better after a little sleep
setting	8	you ca n't do that in a university setting
thing	6	how could you do such a thing ?
stroke	4	the pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck
concoction	6	he volunteered to taste her latest concoction
feast	3	We had a feast to celebrate the harvest .
train	4	they joined the wagon train for safety
flux	5	It is important to use flux when soldering or oxides on the metal will prevent a good bond .
play	1	the play of light on the water
interpreter	5	his paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature
title	6	he had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate
weakness	1	his weakness increased as he became older
absence	4	he visited during my absence
bank	1	the bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon
assumption	1	your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted
movement	2	a broad movement of the electorate to the right
language	0	language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals
buildup	2	a military buildup in preparation for the invasion
impression	4	he did a funny impression of a politician
conflict	3	this form of conflict is essential to Mann 's writing
lap	1	his lap was covered with food stains
direction	5	Keep going in the same direction .
death	6	England scored a goal at the death to even the score at one all .
trick	3	he played a trick on me
readiness	3	putting them in readiness
reaction	3	the forces of reaction carried the election
box	6	an armed guard sat in the box with the driver
shock	4	he had an unruly shock of black hair
clip	8	I went into the salon to get a clip .
train	1	a train of thought
return	1	A return to one 's question
depth	1	the depth of the water
corner	3	standing on the corner watching all the girls go by
split	7	he was winning until he got a split in the tenth frame
way	4	Do you know the way to the airport ?
attendance	3	a student 's attendance is an important factor in her grade
lesson	5	The accident was a good lesson to me .
richness	6	he was well aware of the richness of his own appearance
softness	0	softness is not something permitted of good leaders
faith	2	they broke faith with their investors
touch	3	he has a touch of rheumatism
control	1	under control
end	12	Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end
press	1	the press of business matters
energy	5	jogging works off my excess energy
cast	3	pottery of this cast was found throughout the region
appointment	11	I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .
integrity	1	the integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development
